README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋 I'm Louis

A little about me: I'm currently a junior studying Computer Science @ University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
I'm still exploring the world of Computer Science and am open to any projects to work on it together!

- 💻 I'm currentlly working on all kinds of projects and freelancing by myself!
- 🗓 I'm looking to collaborate on OpenSource Projects/Hackathons/Competitions/...
- 👨🏻‍💻 I'm currently learning [Swift](https://www.swift.org/about/), [Next.js](https://nextjs.org), and [Golang](https://go.dev/) \[I'm also interested in security...🤫\]
- ⚡️ Fun fact: I love to play the piano🎹 and I have a corgi🐾

## 🚀 Current Languages and Tools

Next.js, TypeScript, Swift, Golang, Express, Python, C++, Java, Mathematica, and more!

## ⛳️ Some of my OpenSource Cotributions

- **PrairieLearn**: PLFileEditor Settings & Theme Change. [Issue](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/issues/6460), [Pull Request](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/pull/6476)
- **Apple**/swift-org-website: CEW and PSG addition. [Issue](https://github.com/apple/swift-org-website/issues/638), [Pull Request](https://github.com/apple/swift-org-website/pull/642)


<!-- ![Louis' GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api?username=louisunlimited&show_icons=true&hide=stars&custom_title=Louis'%20github%20stats) -->

<!-- [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=louisunlimited&layout=compact&hide=css,makefile)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) -->

## 👀 Views and Followers

<a href="https://github.com/Meghna-DAS/github-profile-views-counter">
    <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=louisunlimited">
</a>

<!-- Hello From Github-->

Commit message:

feat: added npx business card

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋 I'm Louis

A little about me: I'm currently a junior studying Computer Science @ University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
I'm still exploring the world of Computer Science and am open to any projects to work on it together!

- 💻 I'm currentlly working on all kinds of projects and freelancing by myself!
- 🗓 I'm looking to collaborate on OpenSource Projects/Hackathons/Competitions/...
- 👨🏻‍💻 I'm currently learning [Swift](https://www.swift.org/about/), [Next.js](https://nextjs.org), and [Golang](https://go.dev/) \[I'm also interested in security...🤫\]
- ⚡️ Fun fact: I love to play the piano🎹 and I have a corgi🐾

## 🚀 Current Languages and Tools

Next.js, TypeScript, Swift, Golang, Express, Python, C++, Java, Mathematica, and more!

## ⛳️ Some of my OpenSource Cotributions

- **PrairieLearn**: PLFileEditor Settings & Theme Change. [Issue](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/issues/6460), [Pull Request](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/pull/6476)
- **Apple**/swift-org-website: CEW and PSG addition. [Issue](https://github.com/apple/swift-org-website/issues/638), [Pull Request](https://github.com/apple/swift-org-website/pull/642)


<!-- ![Louis' GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api?username=louisunlimited&show_icons=true&hide=stars&custom_title=Louis'%20github%20stats) -->

<!-- [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=louisunlimited&layout=compact&hide=css,makefile)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) -->

## ⌘ If you are a fellow developer

```bash
npx louisunlimited  # < see my card here!!!
```

## 👀 Views and Followers

<a href="https://github.com/Meghna-DAS/github-profile-views-counter">
    <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=louisunlimited">
</a>

<!-- Hello From Github-->
